Day 6 – Fraud Alert Voice Agent
Overview
Build a fraud alert voice agent for your favorite bank.

For the primary goal, everything can run using your existing frontend voice setup (without telephony) :

You will create a sample database describing for a few suspicious transaction.
{
  "userName" : "John",
  "securityIdentifier" : "12345",
  "cardEnding": "4242",
  "case": "safe/fraudulent",
  "transactionName" : "ABC Industry",
  "transactionTime" : "",
  "transactionCategory" : "e-commerce",
  "transactionSource" : "alibaba.com"
}
When a “fraud alert” call/session starts, your agent will use userName from the database and:
Introduce itself as the bank’s fraud department.
Verify the customer in a basic, safe way.
Read out the suspicious transaction.
Ask if it was actually made by the customer.
Mark the case as safe or fraudulent.
If you persist anything, you’ll do it by writing to database entry.
For the advanced goals, the main challenge is:

Implement the same fraud flow using actual telephony with LiveKit Telephony, so someone can talk to the fraud bot from a real phone call.
You can add more advanced behavior on top if you like (multiple fraud cases, DTMF input, JSON-based “fraud ops” records, etc.).

⚠️ Important:
Use only fake data.
Do not request or handle real card numbers, PINs, passwords, or other sensitive information.
Keep everything clearly demo/sandbox-only.

What You’ll Work With
You will typically have:

One or more Database entries:
Input: fraud case(s) to investigate.
Output (optional): updated fraud case(s) or a log file reflecting results.
Logging (e.g. terminal logs) to help you see what’s happening.
There is no UI requirement for this task.
Anything you want to persist should be stored in database.

Primary Goal (MVP) – Single Fraud Case from Database, In-App Call
Objective:
Build a voice agent that, when a fraud alert call starts, reads a single fraud case from a Database, talks the user through the details, asks if the transaction is legitimate, and updates the case status in Database to safe or fraudulent.

Tasks
Create a sample fraud cases in Database

Create few entries that represents one suspicious transaction.
Include at least:
Customer name (fake).
Security Identifier (fake)
Masked card number (e.g. **** 1234).
Transaction amount (fake).
Merchant name (fake).
Location (fake).
Timestamp (fake).
A simple security question and answer (for basic verification; fake).
Current status (e.g. pending_review).
Use these entries to load the fraud case at call start with username.
Set up the fraud agent persona

Make the agent behave like a fraud detection representative for a fictional bank.
It should:
Clearly introduce the bank and itself at the start of the call/session.
Explain that it is contacting the user about a suspicious transaction.
Use calm, professional, reassuring language.
It must not ask for full card numbers, PINs, or credentials. Any identity confirmation should come from non-sensitive fields in your database (e.g. a basic security question).
Load the fraud case at call start

When the fraud call/session begins:
Load the fraud case from your database after asking for username.
Keep this case in your scenario’s state for the duration of the call.
The agent should use this data to describe:
The merchant,
The amount,
The masked card,
The approximate time and location.
Implement a simple call flow

Design a clear, minimal sequence:

Greet the user and explain why the bank is calling.
Ask a basic verification question (using data), such as:
A security question stored in the database, or
Confirming a non-sensitive detail.
If verification passes:
Read out the suspicious transaction details from the database entry.
Ask the user if they made this transaction (yes/no).
If verification fails:
Politely say that you cannot proceed and end the call.
Based on the yes/no answer:
If the user confirms the transaction → mark it as safe.
If the user denies the transaction → mark it as fraudulent and describe the action (e.g. card blocked, dispute raised — all mock).
End the call with a short confirmation of what action was taken.
Update the fraud case in database

After the call logic completes:
Update the fraud case data in database:
Set status to something like confirmed_safe, confirmed_fraud, or verification_failed.
Add a short outcome note (e.g. “Customer confirmed transaction as legitimate.”).
Write the updated fraud case back to the database:
You can overwrite the original entry.
Optionally log the final status and note in the console for easier debugging.
MVP Completion Checklist
You’ve finished the primary goal if:

You created a database entry describing one fake fraud case.
When the call/session starts, the agent:
Loads this database entry,
Uses it to drive the conversation.
The agent:
Introduces itself as a bank fraud rep,
Performs simple, safe verification,
Reads out the suspicious transaction,
Asks if the user made it,
Chooses the appropriate branch.
At the end, the fraud case’s status and a short outcome summary are written back to database.
Resources
https://docs.livekit.io/agents/build/prompting/
https://docs.livekit.io/agents/build/tools/
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python/python-sqlite/
https://www.mongodb.com/resources/languages/python